[Cosmo] Uh. I heard an absolute classic
the other day.
Fella says to me. um...
"Did you hear Paul McCartney's dead?"
I'm like. "What? No. When?"
He goes. "Oh.
US tour. Cow Palace.
31st of August. 1965. Yeah.
Murdered by the CIA." Kid you not.
"Government hushed it up.
swapped him for a double."
And I'm like. "Ah. nah. nah.
Fatal flaw there. mate.
because if that is true.
then who wrote 'Let It Be'?
J. Edgar Hoover? I don't fucking think so.
Some of that Wings shit. possibly."
[laughs]
But... Well. it just goes to show.
doesn't it.
that it pays to follow the facts.
Are you all right?
Are you okay? JP. are you okay?
[stammers] Is he...
Don't move.
JP. you okay?
Are you okay? You all right? What?
I slipped.
He fell in. I got him out.
[JP coughing]
You shut up. Understand? Shut up.
You're all right. You're okay.
[pants. groans]
[clamoring]
[panting]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Kim] Yeah. Other side. Yeah.
All right. final question.
How many fingers?
[chuckles]
[Kim] It's all right!
Panic over! He's not concussed!
[Hegarty]
Okay. Get back as soon as you can.
[person] Hey. Finn. You good?
- June.
- Sir.
- You got the message?
- Yeah. yeah. Kim. he called me.
- Told me to come over.
- Good.
- [June] No problem.
- Kim. let's get the scene clear.
Come on. let's get it gone.
I want the scene clear.
All right. Got it.
Sir. what about the-the handover crew
from the prison?
Do I give 'em a call? Tell 'em we got him?
You called the handover crew. right?
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. Yeah. Yeah. no problem.
Okay. All right. Vamoose.
- All right.
- Let's go. let's go.
- June. Do us a favor. yeah?
- Yeah.
Can you drive boy wonder up
to St. Katherine's?
Check his clock's still ticking.
Are we not gonna wait for the paramedics?
No. no. no.
We're better off taking him up ourselves.
Ask for Dr. Chakravarthi.
- Chakravarthi?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
He's a locum. but he's thorough.
- [grunts]
- And what about... And what about him?
- The bolter?
- Yeah. I mean. are you gonna...
- you gonna talk to him?
- Yeah.
I'll sit with him. I'll have a word
while we're waiting for the handover crew.
Call you as soon as we're done. okay?
I just wanted you to know where we're at.
Okay.
Thanks.
All right. come on.
I'm your designated driver.
[door closes]
[engine starts]
- Get us down to William Street.
- Sure. You getting in. sir?
No. no. no.
Go up front.
[ominous music plays]
Hello. Billy.
♪ When I think of you ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ My heart remembers ♪
♪ All the love we've ever had ♪
♪ Just me and you ♪
♪ When I think of you ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Just me and you ♪
♪ Just me and you
Just me and you ♪
[music fades]
Hey. try to stay awake.
Do you want me
to put some music on or something?
Nah.
Sing to me. though. if you like.
- Yeah. right.
- [chuckles]
♪ I'm in the corner. watching you kiss her
Oh ♪
- If you wanna walk. keep going.
- [chuckles] Come on.
♪ I'm right over here
Why can't you see me? ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh
I keep dancing on my... ♪
- Own.
- Hey! See? You're at party central now.
Is there. like. a off switch for this.
like. flirty chirpsey bullshit?
Wow. Burn.
And I thought I was on a roll there.
You do know I fell in. right?
Oh. yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah. It's fine.
It was very slippy.
Slippy? Seriously? Wow. Thanks. Mum.
- What?
- First Saturday. and now this.
Don't act like there's not a little...
Not a little what?
- Suffolk Square.
- Suffolk Square? As in?
Oh. what. you don't remember?
I was there on Nailsworth Street.
Drafted in for the day.
Extra boots on the ground.
- I thought I knew your voice.
- Yeah. that was me.
Eye of the fucking storm.
"Urgent tactical support required."
That was you? You-You gave the warning?
Yeah. when it was too fucking late
and they were already
halfway up the fucking street.
JP...
[sighs]
Fuck it. I waited too long. Bottled it.
Slipped up again. didn't I? Like tonight.
There's a kid dead.
and it's because of me.
And I have to live with that.
None of this is your fault.
All I had to do
was say the warning though. No?
All I had to do was give the warning.
Why didn't I just give it?
You know what?
I liked you better when you were singing.
[JP scoffs]
What? What now?
We're moving.
- Where?
- Where do you think?
Prison.
- Wait...
- What have we got here. okay?
Six years left on your sentence.
plus. off the top of my head.
that poor girl's mother.
- That's breaking and entering.
- I didn't do a fucking thing to her.
- Public Order offense at Suffolk Square.
- I didn't!
Assault on my officer on the canal.
- That's not what happened!
- That's your word against his. Billy.
Look. this is your life. right?
All I'm saying is. by the time you're out.
your hair will be as white as mine.
[phone buzzing]
- Hi. love.
- [Leo] Hey. [stammers] It's me.
Oh. hi.
Look. um. Zac called.
Uh. is it okay if they take Jake
next Tuesday?
'Cause Leah's
got this circus skills thing apparently.
and she...
she really wants Jake to be there. so...
Yeah. yeah. If that's. uh...
If that's what he wants to do.
Didn't we already talk about this?
- Uh. I don't kn... Did we?
- [mouths]
Yeah. Maybe just. um... Look. do you know...
do you know what time
you're getting back in tonight? Or...
No. I don't know yet. I'm just...
I'm not sure. [clears throat]
- Look. I'll see you later.
- Okay. Yeah. See you.
You didn't tell her.
Jake. look.
some things you don't talk about on...
- W-We'll tell her later. okay?
- [door closes]
It's. um. Leo. my partner.
Hate that word.
Oh. yeah. Me too.
He does this thing
where he calls me on my son's phone
'cause he knows that I will pick up.
- Oh. that's sneaky.
- I know.
[both chuckle]
- Now look who's flirting.
- [smacks lips]
- Oh. dream on. buddy.
- I'm just...
[sighs] I do need to get home.
Gotta break the news
I've been seconded to your lot.
- And is that a problem?
- Might be.
Me and your boss.
we worked together before.
Did he say?
No. [chuckles]
- No. but I hear things.
- Oh. yeah? Like what?
Like the fact
that you gave him a hard time.
but it all worked out in the end.
- Yeah. something like that.
- Mm-hmm.
[nurse] John-Paul Brownlee?
Yep.
All right. come on then.
Show me what you got.
[chuckles] You wish.
[JP] I do wish. actually.
[phone buzzing]
- Hello.
- [Hegarty] How is he? Is he okay?
Frighteningly normal. I would assume.
Good. good. Listen. I need you.
I'm gonna drop you a pin.
How soon can you get here?
What's up? Where's the handover crew?
- They're on their way.
- Did you ask him?
Yes. about Suffolk Square?
The stabbing? Yeah. absolutely.
- And?
- Well. there's a couple of names.
we can check 'em out.
No smoking gun yet. but here's the thing.
He's been hiding out with a gang
and he "gave."
He alluded to something else.
- What do you mean?
- I need someone else to witness this.
- Okay. sure.
- Good.
Billy. DI Lenker.
[Hegarty grunts]
Okay. Showtime.
As you were saying.
Billy. tell me about Suffolk Square.
I saw you there.
Look. it's not like
I had any choice. is it?
[stammers] I had to go.
"Do 'em a favor." they said. Like a...
- Test?
- Yes.
Were you carrying a knife?
No. Course not.
- They said it was a laugh.
- A laugh?
Like. throw a punch. yeah?
- Teach 'em ragheads a lesson.
- Who killed him. Billy?
- I don't know.
- Who killed that boy?
I don't know.
Not yet.
Tell her. Billy.
word for word what you told me.
Okay. um...
- One of the lads was t-talking...
- Who?
I... I don't know. I don't know names.
but-but he was...
- bragging.
- What was he saying?
Said something about...
seven fire starters for Lanarkshire.
Seven fire starters?
What? What is that? What does that mean?
Give us a sec. will ya?
[huffs]
What?
Where are we with the safe house?
Flat. room. garden shed? I don't care.
Get back to me as soon as you can.
Okay. Bye.
Sir. what is this? What's going on?
- Part of my brief is weapons tracking.
- Hmm.
Staying across any
and all potential firearms.
explosives. weapons. you name it.
and parts thereof that get lost.
- go missing or potentially...
- Stolen.
It's never-ending.
But going back a bit. May last year.
What's that? Ten months?
Freight lorry coming east
out of Harwich Docks
gets run off the road by an armed gang.
Contents stolen including
seven military-grade detonators
bound for a quarry in a certain benighted
county in lowland Scotland.
Seven fire starters for Lanarkshire.
Right. Now. Detonators. spare parts.
so what?
But we...
we have a concern.
Cosmo Thompson.
The guy
whose gang has been sheltering Billy.
Real name. Gavin Woznyiak.
He's on the watch list.
Watch list? Why? What's he done?
Uh. back in the day. he was trafficking
firearms for the far right.
That was the rumor.
That and. you know. the usual grievances.
He's got an online chat show
that nobody watches.
We had him pegged as a narcissist.
a big mouth. but there's more than that.
You know. he's... There's money.
Family business.
Gone now. but he's... he's ambitious.
Seven detonators.
seven explosive devices.
Then what?
Save 'em. trade 'em. or deploy them?
So. yeah this is urgent. it's active.
and. frankly. we're nowhere.
Nothing. Until this. now. Right now.
Tonight.
We'll never get a better chance
to get to Cosmo.
You wanna turn Billy loose?
Yeah.
- [scoffs]
- Run him as an asset.
What are they planning?
Where's the bomb factory?
But we can't hang about.
- Jesus.
- Jesus "brilliant." or...
You can do that?
Look. I'm just responding
to an opportunity. okay?
If you don't like it. you don't like it.
But maybe. when he's in the lion's den.
he can do us a favor.
He can get us an ID
on your Suffolk Square fiasco.
Two birds with one stone.
Do you think he can do it?
Well. I can talk to him.
Well. he broke out of prison.
so that shows initiative. right?
- Right.
- [thump]
Scout?
Maybe. They'll be looking for him.
I know I would be.
If Cosmo gets a whiff
Billy's talking to us.
this operation's over before it's begun.
[phone buzzing]
Okay. great. Yeah.
Ping me the address. Thanks. Thanks. mate.
Okay. let's get outta here.
Are you okay?
Okay.
I'll go in the van. you follow behind.
[tense music plays]
Will do.
Right. I've sent you the address
of the safe house. Let's move.
- So where is he. then? Where's Billy Boy?
- Moving up Mare Street.
He was on the canal. like ten minutes ago.
Canal? Man's a fucking fugitive.
What's he doing on the canal?
- Did you tell Cosmo any of this?
- No. I sent Kieran out on his bike.
[phone buzzes]
He's looking for him now.
[gang member] Well. find him. yeah?
I'll tell you what.
Something's fucking off.
What-What do you want?
I want those detonators.
Seven fire starters for Lanarkshire. okay?
But it's now or never.
We go fast or not at all.
Billy. you know
that we're gonna have your back.
- You'll be safe. We'll look after you.
- No. bullshit. Bullshit.
I want it done properly. yeah?
I w... I want it written down.
Written down?
What do you think you're doing?
- Opening a fucking bank account?
- Fuck you.
You're in no position to negotiate. okay?
This is your last chance. Billy.
to do something with your life.
So what is it?
Yes or no?
[phone buzzing]
- Hello. Leo.
- [Jacob] Mum?
Oh. Hi. babe. what's up?
Jacob. what?
Jacob?
[sighs]
I wanna move Rashford to Dad's.
Rashford?
Okay. He's a hamster. babe.
so you know. he's gonna need food
and water morning and night.
Mmm. yeah. I know. So...
[June]
Right. so. who's gonna look after him?
Me. I will.
You? But...
I wanna live at Dad's.
Just for a little bit. okay?
- Why?
- I don't know.
- Is it me?
- No. no...
- Is it something I've said or done or...
- No. it's not something you said.
Is it the job. Jacob?
- 'Cause I could always... I could...
- No!
What is it? Is it Leo?
No. it's not Leo! It's... [sighs]
I don't know. I just feel like
there's more going on at their house.
And I wanna hang out with my sisters.
Morowa's also teaching me
how to cook rice.
[scoffs]
Yeah?
So. you're leaving home
to learn to cook rice?
No. I'm not leaving home
to cook rice. Mum.
[June] Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Jake. look. you... [sighs]
Look. if it's what you want to do. I...
It's fine. You know. me and your dad.
we always said...
It's just. I don't feel like
you've really thought this through.
you know. like. at all.
Mum...
I think you need to wait till I get home.
- Mum?
- Yeah. and then we can. you know...
Mum.
He's picking me up tonight.
Tonight?
Yeah. after Hazel's choir.
That's not fair. Jake.
Look. can you please just wait
until I get home?
Jacob.
Gonna be back in like an hour.
Tops.
Jacob.
'Cause you know you're more important
to me than anything.
Anything in the whole world.
You know that. right?
[engine rumbling]
Look. I've-I've got... I've gotta go.
I'm gonna call you later. okay?
- Got the text. Eighth floor.
- Okay.
- Where's the lift?
- Over there.
Okay. Take him to the lift.
Keep him out of sight.
They've got scouts out.
Well?
What happened?
- We're on.
- And what does that entail?
He wants a clean slate.
Clean?
For tonight? For the breakout?
He wants to go home.
Home as in... What does that mean?
- The murder charge.
- The murder of Ashley's girl Cerys?
- Yeah.
- Well. he can't do that.
He's still got six years left.
- I know.
- You can't write off a murder charge.
No one's saying that.
but we could talk to the parole board.
You gave him that?
If he delivers. No win. no fee.
That's the arrangement. so...
Let's take the stairs.
Check the coast is clear.
[softly] Are you fucking kidding me?
[tense music plays]
[siren wailing in distance]
Nice place.
Uh-huh.
Okay. move him through here.
[Jed speaks indistinctly]
You can't do this.
- [phone buzzing]
- You don't mean that.
You just wanna hear yourself say it.
Excuse me.
Kim.
- Thank you.
- [phone buzzing]
- Goodbye.
- June.
- [sighs] Ma'am. I'm sorry to call.
[Hegarty] Kim.
how's the view on the outside?
Uh. no drama.
We had one Deliveroo Danny
a few minutes ago.
I think he was just
passing through. though.
Well. keep your eyes peeled. okay?
And listen. get a driver
up to the hospital.
I need JP.
Tell him I've got a job for him.
Tell him to get down here
as soon as possible.
Boss. what's going on with Billy?
[sighs] Kim.
Are we all right there?
It's all fine. It's all good.
Does she know?
You gonna tell her?
Anything suspicious. just call it in.
- [knocks on door]
- [sighs]
[grunts]
Yeah?
Sir. um. AC wants a word.
A word? What now?
Yeah. Sounds urgent.
[sighs]
All right.
Okay. well. set it up.
- We serve at his Majesty's pleasure.
- Sir.
[Hegarty sighs]
I called her. The AC.
That all right?
Well...
Well. you saved me the bother.
She was my next call.
- We've got another flat downstairs.
- [door opens]
[tense music plays]
- Okay. sir. just setting up a call now.
- [Hegarty] Yeah. fine.
- Okay. get a tablet for me.
- [officer] Yeah.
Cup of tea?
Black.
White. two sugars.
[phone buzzing]
[Hegarty sighs]
Kim?
It's Deliveroo Danny. He's back.
[Hegarty] Same guy? Outside?
Are you sure?
Yeah. Helmet. Sneakers. Looks like.
- What's he doing?
- He's. uh...
Yeah. I tell you what.
He's not delivering a pizza.
Right. Okay. We've got a problem.
It's one of Cosmo's boys.
[Hegarty] How did they find us?
Are they tracking us?
No. we searched Billy
when we picked him up.
What about his phone?
Jen.
Jen!
Sir?
[Hegarty] The phone we took off Billy
when we detained him.
did you turn it off?
Uh. yeah. I think so.
You think so? Jen?
[stammers]
Yeah. wait. Hang on.
[mouthing] Fuck.
[Kim] Yeah. Right.
He's sending a text.
It's on.
A text just came.
What's it say?
"Where are you?
Which flat?"
[stammers. sighs] Yeah.
there's a whole bunch of them.
Turn it off. Jen.
Yep.
- Turn it off.
- [Jen] Yep. turning it off.
- I told him. "The phone stays on."
- I know!
So why'd he turn it off?
- [sighs] I heard there was police out.
- Police? Where?
Canal.
Now you tell Kieran.
get inside that building.
knock on every single fucking door
until we know
what we're dealing with here.
- Do you understand me?
- Yeah.
[sighs] Sir. the AC's ready for you now.
Right.
Do you want to join us
at the top table?
Right.
Well. it's up to you.
Oh. You need my help.
[Hegarty] Well. it makes sense
because Ivy. the boss. she'll be
after reassurance. and you were there.
You heard what he said
in the back of the van.
Yeah. 'cause you made sure
I was in the van.
- June...
- You needed me in that van.
Well. that made sense.
Get a second officer to corroborate.
and you're on the outside.
- Outside?
- Yeah.
Maybe you... you could help me out here?
Well. like I said.
no one is forcing your hand.
- But you know what I will say?
- What?
Have you had a look at the logs
for your Suffolk Square murder?
- No.
- Well...
[stammers] ...all credit to Mike
and his team. you know. but...
countless hours pissed away
on bystanders. know-nothings.
No witnesses. still no murder weapon.
They're running down the clock.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You wanna catch your killer.
this guy Billy?
- He's the only game in town.
- Okay.
Sir.
I mean. I'm not pushing you
either way. you know.
But it's all there. you know.
In the logs.
[door closes]
Here I am. ready or not.
Dan.
Ma'am.
So we have a convicted murderer.
[smacks lips] Broke out of prison.
Popped up at Suffolk Square.
And you want to roll the dice and run him
as an undercover asset? Is that right?
- Yeah.
- Right.
Well. this shouldn't
take too long. Off you go.
Seven fire starters for Lanarkshire.
Detonators gone walkabout.
Yeah. you're across the reports?
They were stolen. removed at gunpoint.
I'm aware of the context. yeah.
And your plan is what?
Billy heard Cosmo's got them.
We send him back.
he could potentially help us
prevent a possible active terror threat.
and save lives.
Could... Potentially... Possible...
Let me just stop you there.
This all sounds like talk to me.
- Talk?
- Yeah. talk.
Chatter.
Something that is picked up in
the lunch queue during his incarceration.
Yeah. it's not talk.
It's not... You know. he's not
in the lunch queue now anymore. is he?
He's embedded with possible terrorists.
Fuck's sake.
[protestors clamoring]
[Ivy] June. how we looking?
[clamoring continues]
- [clamoring continues]
- [grunts]
[breathes shakily]
[clamoring continues]
- [clamoring continues]
- [spits]
He's an escaped prisoner.
A convicted murderer.
If I may.
the circumstances of his crime. they were...
particular.
Particular? How?
He's seventeen. Right?
He could barely tie his own shoelaces.
Oh. right. So not a murderer. A pussycat.
No. He killed her. yes.
But. they were kids.
They were kids in care.
She's sixteen. he's-he's not much older.
He liked her. She didn't like him back.
They had some kind of a... a do.
it was a school prom or something.
I don't know.
And he gave her ketamine.
Now. the drugs. they were bad.
And Billy knew.
He knew. and he bragged about it.
and she died of toxic shock.
God knows what was going on in his mind.
Well. the judge took a swing at it.
Yeah.
But he had no history of violence.
before or since.
And the victim's family?
There is no family.
Well. there's the mother.
And you think she'll take kindly to us
cutting a deal with her daughter's killer?
Okay. the mother's a sad case. Right?
She's no stranger to the psych teams
at Guy's and Tommy's.
[phone buzzing]
Oh. come on. come on. come on.
[door beeping]
- [phone continues buzzing]
- All good?
[door beeping]
[Kim] Oh. for fuck's sake.
Fuck...
Yeah. it's Kim. He's forgot his keys.
Ma'am. we've been chasing our tails
for best part of a year here.
- And. yeah. there are operational risks.
- Risks?
Sure.
But we can play safe.
We can sit on our hands here.
we can send Billy back behind bars.
but he's right there.
He's trusted by our target guy.
Cosmo Thompson.
who's on the watch list. by the way.
Who's in the system
and there's no getting away from that.
So say. in a few months.
a few weeks. a few days...
God forbid some mass casualty madness.
right here. on our own soil.
The smoke clears. they wheel you in.
for another select committee witch trial.
"Who knew what. when?".
what are you going to say then?
That you knew?
You were told. you had the intel?
You could have stopped this thing.
and you did what? Nothing?
No one remembers the saves.
We know that.
It's the ones you miss.
There's your legacy.
[sighs]
I'll tell you what.
Let's get a second opinion. shall we?
- [knocks on door]
- [door opens]
- You're up.
- What?
Next door.
[knocks on door]
[parent] Son. who is it?
Delivery?
Wrong address.
June?
Ma'am.
What do you think?
About running Billy Fielding?
Me? [scoffs]
For what it's worth...
in my view. the reward outweighs the risk.
[Ivy] Are you sure?
Yeah.
Mike and his team have nothing.
I've seen the logs. And...
Billy Fielding was there.
I saw him.
He was on the other side of the square.
so he's not our murderer.
But he is embedded.
He's a key witness.
He's our only witness.
It's too good to miss.
No danger to the public?
In your view? Dan.
In your judgment.
No. No danger. You have my word.
Your word.
[inhales deeply] Five minutes.
I'll let you know.
[call end tone]
Don't beat yourself up
for doing the right thing.
We do this.
you'll get your man.
Sir. sir. Uh. our delivery rider.
He's... He's in the building.
Okay. June. Can you check in on Billy?
Let's get ready to roll.
Yeah.
- Ma'am.
- [door closes]
You're clear to go ahead.
But you work with Counter Terror.
- Where is he?
- He's coming. He's close.
Ma'am. thank you.
Thank you very much.
Okay. we're on. Let's shut this flat down.
No one confront him.
- Batten down the hatches.
- Okay.
Uh. Well. I did hear
a lot of noise coming from the stairs.
- Yeah?
- [baby crying]
Yeah. yeah. I think there were some people
going up to the floor above.
- Thanks.
- [softly] Okay.
[knocks on door]
Hey.
- Are you okay?
- I'll survive.
Passed all that stuff. anyway. [chuckles]
[sniffs]
[swallows] You okay?
Tell you what...
What?
Two minutes with that man. I feel like
I've been dipped in fucking oil.
[knocks on door]
- [Hegarty] Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Are you sure? You're fine?
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Good. Okay.
So the votes are in from the eighth floor.
Thumbs aloft. we're good to go.
- Can I have a word?
- Yeah.
I want you to be his handler.
All direct contact goes through you
as long as he's undercover.
Me? Why me?
Well. because he saved your life.
So there's a connection.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- No. yeah. fantastic. Yeah.
- [Hegarty] Okay.
June. you can go.
[sighs] Fuck this.
[knocks on door]
[cats meowing]
JP. Give him the phone.
You'll need that.
Turn it on. Text them.
Tell them you'll meet them.
[knocking on door]
[Kieran] Billy?
[knocking continues]
Billy!
Sorry. mate.
Who you after?
[Kieran] They didn't leave a flat number.
[June] Oh. no.
- Nightmare.
- [Kieran] Yeah.
Well it. uh. it can't be 89.
because. um. that's me.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. I think I'd know.
Sorry.
Have you got a name at all?
I left the note down with the bike.
Oh. no.
It's not your night.
Um. have you tried flat 2?
Downstairs?
'Cause they're always ordering in.
[scoffs]
See ya.
[knocks on door]
- [door unlocks]
- [June] He's gone.
- No. No. No. No. no. no.
- Listen. Billy. it's fine. mate.
No. he's-he's gone.
He's gone. Turn on the phone.
- Nah. they're proper beady. like.
- Billy. Billy.
No. no. Come on. come on.
Turn on the phone.
He'll know. He'll see right through me.
- Who's "he"?
- Cosmo.
- No. he won't. Not if you do...
- You don't fucking know him!
- You don't know what he's like.
- ...exactly what I say.
Hey. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy.
Listen. why don't you just tell him
that you hid in the canal?
Turn on the phone. Come on.
You hid in the canal.
Police came and went.
- Police... What? [scoffs]
- [JP] Yes.
Police came and went.
and then you broke into the flats.
- What do you mean I "broke in"?
- It's a good question.
- Now you're thinking.
- Basement.
There you go. Basement. Car park. Right?
Up the stairs to flat 89.
89?
- [JP] Yeah.
- Okay. then what?
Right. and then what happens?
The owner walks in. Black woman. Awkward.
Then you turn your phone off.
Yeah? And?
I hid. I...
Yeah. nice.
- See?
- [JP] Yeah.
See. that's good.
That's more like it. And then what?
And then I waited for 'em to go out again.
[snaps fingers] It's...
- See? I told you.
- Yeah. yeah. He's a fucking natural.
You've got nothing to fear from this man.
He's good. but you are better.
You're better. son. In so many ways.
So come on. turn on the phone.
Tell them to come get you.
Good boy.
Right. fling him out the window.
- [chuckles]
- What?
It's a joke.
He's kidding.
- Take the stairs though. I would.
- Oh.
Billy.
Billy. listen to me. Right?
All of this trust
that I'm putting in you tonight...
Just don't test me.
Okay?
Go and find me those detonators. eh?
[ominous music plays]
[car beeps]
[sighs]
Come here.
[Cosmo] I know it's sad to say.
but we are a dying breed. my friends.
Nobody cares about the truth.
Don't want it. don't need it.
We're all thrashing about
like there's a fucking matrix.
Eh. well.
It just goes to show. doesn't it?
It pays to follow the facts.
Hit it! Come on. Four!
Five!
Six!
Seven!
[people chattering]
- Hello?
- [Kieran] Billy messaged.
He's on his way.
[Cosmo] Now. Andy... Can we...
Could we get that up? Is that all right?
I mean. they'll shut us down for this.
I'm sure of it. but what the hell.
No worries. I'll let him know.
- [boxers grunting]
- [speaks indistinctly]
- All right. Sunshine?
- You all right?
Tell Cosmo we've got him.
Now we've all seen this. haven't we?
I mean. they've made sure of that.
Suffolk Square.
Young lad of the...
I mean. how does one say it?
The Mohammedan persuasion.
Rohaan. With two A's.
Knifed in the old...
[grunting] ...tarka dal. [chuckles]
- That's sad. It is. Come on. Very sad.
- [door opens]
[door closes]
We got him. He's on his way in.
Now. I'm no Galileo.
I ain't exactly Sir James fucking Dyson.
but it's not complicated. is it?
I mean.
the sun's either shining or it ain't.
And here. you've got
two faces clearly in the sun.
and this little piggy in the middle here
in the shade.
How's that photographically possible?
Light.
Shadow.
I know. I know.
The truth can be such a drag. can't it?
But why? Why? Why? Why would the police...
I'm not saying it's the police.
That hasn't been proved yet.
But why...
Why would anybody with half a brain
would've put this butchered photograph
and put it all over mainstream media?
Young lad killed by "violent mob."
"Far right extremists." [gasps]
Danger. Dracarys.
Oh. fucking hell! It's Voldemort!
What's going on? I mean. really?
Light.
- Shadow.
- [audience] Light.
[Cosmo] Again.
- [audience] Light. Shadow. Light.
- [Cosmo] Shadow. Light.
- [gang member] Where have you been?
- [sighs]
- Where have you been?
- Right. I ju... Uh. was just hiding out.
- Hiding?
- Yeah.
From what?
From what? From... Uh... Uh. police. Yeah.
I saw 'em.
I'm like one of them...
them emojis with their brain popping out.
- So why'd you turn your phone off?
- I don't know.
I wasn't. like... Mate. I wasn't exactly
thinking straight. [chuckles]
Light. Shadow. Light.
- You all right. kid?
- Look. I'm just...
- Yeah.
- Are you on something?
- 'Cause you seem a bit...
- I'm just fucking... I'm just buzzing. man.
The night I've had.
I'm flying. No. [sighs]
Is there any food inside?
'Cause I'm fucking starving.
[gang member] Just get in there.
[Cosmo] I mean. what's going on? Really?
Light.
Shadow.
Light. Again.
[audience] Light. Shadow. Light.
Here he is. little horror.
Where you been?
What you been up to?
How stupid do you think we are?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-